This branch contains the source code for the `pwv_kpno` documentation found [here](https://mwvgroup.github.io/pwv_kpno/). To access the source code of the package itself, please see the master branch.

## 1. Building New Package Documentation

### 2.1 Installing Dependencies

Documentation for **pwv_kpno** is generated using the Sphinx package. Note that version
0.2.4 has known bugs that will cause the documentation to not render correctly. To install
Sphinx using pip, run:

```bash
$ pip install sphinx
```

### 2.2 File Organization

### 2.3 Generating New Documentation

Source code for all documentation is contained in the rst_source directory.
Files in other subdirectories are generated automatically and should not be
edited. A new version of the documentation can be automatically generated by
running the following from the project root directory:

```bash
$ cd rst_source/
$ cd documentation/
$ make gh-pages
$ cd ../examples/
$ make gh-pages
$ cd ../validation/
$ make gh-pages
```

The make file will automatically create new folder named with the current
package version and fill it with newly generated documentation. Any
documentation that may already exist for that version will be overwritten. To
modify the default documentation version that appears on the project website,
edit index.html in the root directory.

Note that the usage examples in the documentation, including dates, are hard
coded. The make file will not update any demonstrated code outputs to reflect
new code changes. The sphinx configuration file rst_source/conf.py is also not
setup for any documentation formats supported by sphinx other than html (such
as Texinfo, LaTeX, or HTMLHelp).

## 3. Releasing a New Version

New package versions should be released at least every year, and should include
all relevant SuomiNet data from 2010 through the previous year. No SuomiNet
data should be included for the year that the new version is released. To
release a new version, follow the following steps:

1. Make sure that the build passes on travis-ci.org.
1. Update the meta data in \__init__.py and the badges in README.md to reflect
    the new version number and any newly supported Python versions.
1. Proofread package docstring for both spelling and accuracy.
1. Generate new documentation using sphinx.
1. Merge the new source code into `master`.
1. Merge any new documentation into `gh-pages`.
1. Run the push_pypi bash file from the root directory to automatically upload
    the new version to the python package index (you will need the appropriate
    login information for this step).
